README.md, before:

# Kubernetes

The Kubernetes rpm repository. Forthcoming Kubernetes releases will be available once the new release reaches release candidate stage or when the release reaches general availability.

Kubernetes releases are tracked at https://kubernetes.io/releases/ and is the canonical source for upstream lifecycle plans and status. Information in the table and paragraphs below may be dated. The golang version in the table below is the major:minor version used by upstream to build and test the release. The specific golang patch release used by Kubernetes can and will change.

| Kubernetes Version | Target Fedora Release | Kubernetes Planned End of Life | Golang Built With |
| :--- | --- | --- | ---: |
| 1.27 | F39 | 2024.06.28 | 1.20 |
| 1.26 | F38 | 2024.02.24 | 1.19*1 |
| 1.25 | F37 | 2023.10.27 | 1.19 |
| 1.24   | F36-EOL | 2023.07.28 | 1.18/1.19 |
| 1.23 | COPR-EOL | 2023.02.28 | 1.17, 1.19 |
| 1.22 | F35-EOL | 2022.10.28 | 1.16 |

*1 Expect the version of go used for 1.26 to change.

Commit message:

Update README with COPR Information
Added a link to the COPR repository with additional versions of
Kubernetes. Updated table with EOL markers for obsolete versions of
Kubernetes.

README.md, after:

# Kubernetes

The Kubernetes rpm repository. Forthcoming Kubernetes releases will be available once the new release reaches release candidate stage or when the release reaches general availability.

Kubernetes releases are tracked at https://kubernetes.io/releases/ and is the canonical source for upstream lifecycle plans and status. Information in the table and paragraphs below may be dated. The golang version in the table below is the major:minor version used by upstream to build and test the release. The specific golang patch release used by Kubernetes can and will change.

| Kubernetes Version | Target Fedora Release | Kubernetes Planned End of Life | Golang Built With |
| :--- | --- | --- | ---: |
| 1.27 | F39 | 2024.06.28 | 1.20 |
| 1.26 | F38 | 2024.02.24 | 1.19 |
| 1.25 | F37 | 2023.10.27 | 1.19 |
| 1.24   | F36 EOL | 2023.07.28 | 1.18/1.19 |
| 1.23 EOL | COPR EOL | 2023.02.28 | 1.17, 1.19 |
| 1.22 EOL | F35 EOL | 2022.10.28 | 1.16 |

Additional Kubernetes rpms are available in this COPR repository: https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/buckaroogeek/copr-k8s/. The COPR repository provides rpms of Kubernetes 1.26, 1.25, and 1.24 for Fedora 37, 38, and rawhide. If the golang "built-with" version for Kubernetes is the same as or older than the golang release in Fedora, then there should be an rpm available in COPR.
